[Term Entry] Kotlin Datetime .atDate() #3806 (#4109)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/datetime/terms/atDate/atDate.md

---
Title: '.atDate()'
Description: 'Combines a date and time into a LocalDateTime object.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Time'
  - 'Kotlin'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.atDate()`** method in Kotlin is a powerful tool that combines a date and time into a `LocalDateTime` object. This method is particularly useful when you need to create a complete timestamp by merging separate `LocalDate` and `LocalTime` instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.atDate()`** method in Kotlin is a function that combines date and time into a `LocalDateTime` object. This method is beneficial when creating a complete timestamp by merging separate `LocalDate` and `LocalTime` instances.
```
Avoid using first- and second-person pronouns (e.g. "I", "we", "you") if possible.

## Syntax

```pseudo
localTime.atDate(localDate)
```

- `localTime`: The time component.
- `localDate`: The date component.

## Example

This example demonstrates combining a time and a date:

```kotlin

> import java.time.LocalDate
> import java.time.LocalTime
> import java.time.LocalDateTime
> 
> fun main() {
>     val date = LocalDate.of(2023, 12, 25)
>     val time = LocalTime.of(15, 30)
>     val dateTime = time.atDate(date)
> 
>     println(dateTime)
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import java.time.LocalDate
import java.time.LocalTime
import java.time.LocalDateTime

fun main() {
  val date = LocalDate.of(2023, 12, 25)
  val time = LocalTime.of(15, 30)
  val dateTime = time.atDate(date)

  println(dateTime)
}
```

```

> The output will be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example will give the following output:
```

Author: Thanks for taking the time to review! I will fix those and sync it.
